feat: new post (#191)
tari-project/tari-dot-com: _updates/2023-12-14-update-124.md

---
layout: update
tag: Developer Update
date: 2023-12-14
author: SW van Heerden   
thumbnail: update-background.jpg
title: First Release Candidate
class: subpage
---

> Progress has maintained a consistent pace on the Tari base layer. Our Audit is now complete, and all identified issues have been addressed. The comprehensive Audit report will be made publicly available shortly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been a long journey. Believe me, no-one wants to see mainnet launch more than the group of core developers that have been building Tari for the last 4 years.

Today marks another milestone on that journey. And this marker indicates that our destination is just over the horizon.

The audit of the base node and wallet is now complete, and all identified issues have been addressed. The comprehensive Audit report will be made publicly available shortly.
```

## Release candidate 
 

> We are thrilled to announce the release of our first candidate. It is crucial to emphasize that this is not the mainnet release; rather, it represents the final code set to evolve into the version that will run mainnet. This release pertains to our nextnet network and not stagenet like previous releases. We kindly request your assistance in testing to ensure a smooth and bug-free mainnet launch later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What does this mean? It means that we are now believe we have the code, barring a few final adjustments, that will be running mainnet Minotari chain.

So we are thrilled to announce our first release candidate for the Tari suite. 

It is crucial to emphasize that this is not _the_ mainnet release; for example, the emission curve is still using testnet parameters. But it does represent our last test drive of the code in the wild before the big show. 

We've decided to release this code on the nextnet network as per our [release schedule policy](https://github.com/tari-project/tari/blob/development/docs/src/branching_releases.md) and not on stagenet as with previous releases. 

We'd love you to kick the tires. Join us in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/q3Sfzb8S2V) and [Telegram](https://t.me/tariproject) channels to give your feedback, and help ensure a seamless and uneventful mainnet launch!
```
